Stylus/update debugging info (#1836)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/stylus/how-tos/debugging-stylus-tx.mdx

And replay the transaction:

```sh
cargo stylus replay --tx=$TX_HASH --endpoint=$RPC_URL --use-native-tracer

> ```

Reviewer: ```sh
Options:

--tx: Specifies the transaction hash to replay.
--endpoint: Specifies the RPC endpoint for fetching transaction data.
--use-native-tracer: Utilizes the native Stylus tracer for enhanced debugging. This tracer is specifically designed for the Stylus runtime and improves debugging accuracy.
```

```

Reviewer: :::caution Supported RPC Endpoints Only

The `--use-native-tracer` flag requires access to an RPC endpoint with Stylus tracing support, See the list of providers that support Stylus tracing [here](https://docs.arbitrum.io/for-devs/dev-tools-and-resources/chain-info#third-party-rpc-providers).

:::

```sh
[{"args":[0,0,0,4],"endInk":846200000,"name":"user_entrypoint","outs":[],"startInk":846200000},{"args":[],"endInk":846167558,"name":"msg_reentrant","outs":[0,0,0,0],"startInk":846175958},{"args":[],"endInk":846047922,"name":"read_args","outs":[208,157,224,138],"startInk":846061362},{"args":[],"endInk":845914924,"name":"msg_value","outs":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"startInk":845928364},{"args":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"endInk":227196069,"name":"storage_load_bytes32","outs":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"startInk":844944549},{"args":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1],"endInk":226716083,"name":"storage_cache_bytes32","outs":[],"startInk":226734563},{"args":[0],"endInk":226418732,"name":"storage_flush_cache","outs":[],"startInk":226486805},{"args":[],"endInk":226362319,"name":"write_result","outs":[],"startInk":226403481},{"args":[],"endInk":846200000,"name":"user_returned","outs":[0,0,0,0],"startInk":846200000}]
```

> RPC providers support `debug_traceTransaction` on live networks with the `stylusTracer`. This will allow you to leverage both `cargo stylus replay` and `cargo stylus trace` with their endpoints. See the list of providers that support Stylus tracing [here](https://docs.arbitrum.io/for-devs/dev-tools-and-resources/chain-info#third-party-rpc-providers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### RPC endpoint compatibility:

Both `cargo stylus replay` and `cargo stylus trace` rely on RPC endpoints to fetch transaction and tracing data. However, their requirements differ slightly:

- **cargo stylus trace**: Requires an RPC endpoint that supports `debug_traceTransaction` using the `stylusTracer`. This is generally available on nodes configured for Stylus or compatible third-party RPC providers.
- **cargo stylus replay**: While it also uses the `stylusTracer`, this command is designed for local debugging. A local node (e.g., Arbitrum Sepolia or Stylus dev node) is highly recommended to ensure accurate debugging and control over the environment.
For live networks, you can use third-party RPC providers that support `debug_traceTransaction` with the stylusTracer. See the list of providers that offer this support [here](https://docs.arbitrum.io/for-devs/dev-tools-and-resources/chain-info#third-party-rpc-providers).

```
